So you gonna make your personal blog.
I started that last project
in the previous section so
that you can kinda get started
with like that skeleton and
multiple different pages to
navigate back and forth to.
So here's your project requirements,
your blog has two pages and an index and
an about page.
Your index needs a title of some variety,
my cool blog, or my thoughts,
or something like that and
some sort of like, hi, how are you?
Welcome to my blog, and
it needs a link to an about page,
your blog must have at
least five posts on it.
Just keep it on the same page, it doesn't
have to like link off to other pages or
anything like that.
Each post needs a title and
author, the date it was posted,
the text of the blog post.
You can use this lorem ipsum
generator to generate text,
you can come in here and just say like,
I want five paragraphs generate,
here and
I'll give you a bunch of paragraphs right?
I'm pretty sure you can actually just say,
in here in VS code, if I just say
Lorem 40 and I hit tab, yeah,
it'll give me Lorem ipsum and
it'll give me 40 words.
So if I say Lorem 10, It'll give me 10
words, that's another really easy way of
doing that Okay,
so you need the text of your blog post and
bonus points for images.
Your about page is the name of your blog,
few paragraphs about who you are,
that kind of stuff.
And I need you to use a list cuz I want
you to use a list element specifically
[LAUGH] of your recent job, or
recent schooling, or accomplishments or
whatever you feel like putting in
a list of some variety please.
And, yeah, so
this will be mostly black and white.
This is totally atone your own
interpretation, it's very loose in your
structuring because I want you
to kind of be creative with it.
This is mine, right?
Brian's blog,
got some posts with Luna on it.
You can see that it has lorem ipsum text
in here, it's gonna look something like
this because there's gonna be
no style associated with it yet.
And then if you go here about page,
it'll be another one here, right?
Okay.
So, if you wanna see my answer to it,
which I want you to try
this your yourself first
before you look at my answer.
I think it's important to try things,
struggle, try and figure them out cuz I
think there's a lot of learning there
in that like moment of struggle.
But I'm not your mom, right, like you can
go look at the answer if you want to,
if you're gonna learn better by just
looking at the answer then do that.
This entire thing is about learning, it's
not about cheating or not cheating, it's
like if you end up at the end learning it,
I don't care you get to get there, right?
So do whatever is best for
your capabilities, but
I'm going to advise you that most
students that I've observed and
myself included in this meet need
to struggle a little bit, right?
But don't struggle so
much that you get discouraged,
if you're gonna get that far
just look at the answer, right?
And if you get stuck ask your neighbor,
go Google it, ask your neighbor,
go on Stack Overflow.
Whatever you need to
get you to the answer,
do that thing,
that's what I'm trying to say.
For those who don't know how to do that,
if you right click here and say,
View Page Source, this will show you
the HTML on any given page, right?
So if you click this,
you will see my source code, so
that's where the answer is.
So what you'll do is you'll
click on Brian's blog,
right click View Page Source and
you will see my answer too.
>> If you were really making this,
you would want to use a content
management system if something
that's doing like posts.
>> Yeah, well, it depends, right like.
This course website,
arguably it's a bunch of posts right?
And I didn't have any sort of CMS for
it, it's just it's written in Markdown.
So GitHub slash BT hold slash
complete intro to web dev, and
if you'll go here here lessons.
I guess arguably, this is my
content management system, right?
But if you just click on like HTML here,
And
this is what it actually
looks like written out, so
this is what I actually write which
gets turned into the website.
>> And that's through next right?
>> .That's through next JAS, but
anything can read markdown markdown it's
just a flavor of writing text, right?
So this actually used to use
Gatsby to generate this,
now I use next JAS I tried remix,
Jekyll would do this,
Hugo would do it You could
do this with Contentful,
you could do it with WordPress,
you could do it with any number of things,
there's so many correct ways to
do this that it's unbelievable.
I like writing mark down so
I do it this way, but we'll come back and
go through my answer.